Rewrite covariance/contravariance definitions to be user-focused (#52120)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/generics/covariance-and-contravariance.md

---
# Covariance and contravariance in generics

*Covariance* and *contravariance* describe how a generic type argument can be substituted for a different type in a conversion. By default, a generic type argument is *invariant*—you must use exactly the type specified. Some generic interfaces and delegates support *covariant* or *contravariant* type parameters, which allow substitution with a more derived or more generic type.

The following definitions and examples assume a base class named `Base` and a derived class named `Derived`.

> - *Invariant* type arguments require you to use exactly the type specified. You can't substitute a more derived or more generic type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Invariant* type arguments require you to use exactly the type specified. You can't substitute a derived or base type.
```
